README.md, before:

# EcoFlow Power Management Orchestrator

**A lightweight, MQTT-based power-aware shutdown system for heterogeneous environments (Linux, Windows, NAS).**

This system acts as a bridge between the proprietary EcoFlow MQTT cloud and your local infrastructure. It consumes device telemetry, derives a normalized battery State-of-Charge (SoC), and—when configurable thresholds are reached—initiates clean, host-local shutdown procedures across machines powered by those devices.

The system is intentionally:
* **Simple:** One Python file per service. No hidden frameworks.
* **Vendor-agnostic:** All coordination happens over standard MQTT.
* **Fail-safe:** No direct SSH, WinRM, or remote execution is required.
* **Host-local execution:** Each machine listens for a command and decides how to shut itself down.

---

## 🏗 System Architecture

The system runs as a collection of decoupled microservices, managed by a central **Orchestrator** (`main.py`).



```mermaid
graph TD
    Cloud[EcoFlow Cloud] -->|MQTT/Protobuf| Bridge[Ecoflow Cloud Bridge]
    Bridge -->|Raw Data| LocalMQTT[Local Mosquitto]
    LocalMQTT -->|Raw Data| SOC[SOC Bridge]
    SOC -->|Decoded JSON| LocalMQTT
    LocalMQTT -->|Normalized State| Policy[Policy Engine]
    Policy -->|Shutdown/Abort Cmds| Agents[PC/Server Agents]
```

### Active Services
1.  **`ecoflow_cloud_bridge`**: Connects to the EcoFlow AWS/Aliyun MQTT broker using your credentials.
2.  **`soc_bridge`**: Decodes complex Protobuf streams into normalized JSON.
    * *Feature:* **River 3 Plus** Strict Grid Detection (Tag 27) to avoid false positives.
    * *Feature:* "Imposter" packet filtering to ensure data integrity.
3.  **`policy_engine`**: The decision maker. Watches for "Critical Conditions" (Grid Lost + Low Battery) and enforces safety timers before broadcasting shutdown commands.

---

## 🚀 Installation & Setup

### Prerequisites
* Python 3.10+
* A local MQTT Broker (e.g., Mosquitto) running and accessible.
* **Both** EcoFlow Cloud API credentials AND Developer API credentials (see below)

### Understanding EcoFlow API Credentials

This system requires **TWO sets of credentials** to maintain a reliable, continuous MQTT connection to EcoFlow's cloud infrastructure:

#### 1. Cloud API Credentials (Username & Password)
- **What:** Your standard EcoFlow account email and password
- **Purpose:** Used to authenticate and obtain temporary MQTT broker certificates
- **API Endpoint:** `https://api.ecoflow.com/auth/login` → `/iot-auth/app/certification`
- **Limitation:** These credentials alone are **not sufficient** for reliable operation

#### 2. Developer API Credentials (Access Key & Secret Key)
- **What:** API keys from the EcoFlow Developer Portal
- **Purpose:** Required to send periodic "wakeup" packets (heartbeats) to keep the MQTT connection alive and streaming data
- **API Endpoint:** `https://api-e.ecoflow.com/iot-open/sign/certification`
- **Critical:** Without these, the MQTT broker connection will go silent after a few minutes or not wakeup at all. 

#### Why Both Are Needed

The EcoFlow MQTT broker requires **active heartbeat packets** to continue streaming device telemetry. Without periodic wakeup commands:
- The connection appears established but **stops sending data**
- No error messages are generated—the stream simply goes silent
- The system cannot detect battery state changes or trigger shutdown policies

The Developer API credentials enable the `ecoflow_cloud_bridge` service to:
1. Authenticate using the signed API request format
2. Send protobuf-encoded "Cmd 0" (quota/get-all) packets every 5 minutes
3. Keep the data stream flowing continuously

**In summary:** Cloud credentials get you connected; Developer credentials keep you connected.

---

### How to Obtain Developer API Access

#### Step 1: Register for Developer Access

1. Visit the **EcoFlow Developer Portal**:
   - **EU Region:** [https://developer-eu.ecoflow.com](https://developer-eu.ecoflow.com)
   - **US Region:** [https://developer-us.ecoflow.com](https://developer-us.ecoflow.com)
   
2. Click **"Sign Up"** or **"Apply for Access"**

3. Fill out the application form with:
   - Your EcoFlow account email (same as your app login)
   - Company/Organization name (can be personal/individual)
   - Use case description (e.g., "Home automation and power monitoring")

4. Submit the application

#### Step 2: Access May Be Instant (No Waiting Required)

**Important Update (2026):** The approval process appears to be **automated** now:

- You may **not receive** a confirmation email
- You may **not receive** an "approved" notification
- **Try logging in 24 hours after applying** using your EcoFlow account credentials

Many users (including the project maintainer) have reported:
- No communication from EcoFlow after applying
- Ability to log in and create API keys immediately or after 24 hours
- No manual approval step required

#### Step 3: Generate Your API Keys

1. **Sign in** to the Developer Portal using your **EcoFlow account credentials** (same email/password as the mobile app)

2. Navigate to **"Access Key Management"** or **"API Keys"**

3. Click **"Create Access Key"** or **"Generate New Key"**

4. **Save both values immediately:**
   ```
   Access Key:  AK_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
   Secret Key:  SK_yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
   ```

5. ⚠️ **Warning:** The Secret Key is only shown **once**. Store it securely (password manager, `.env` file, etc.)

#### Step 4: Configure Your `.env` File

Add both sets of credentials to your `.env` file:

```bash
# Cloud API Credentials (Standard Account you use to sign into the Mobile App)
ECOFLOW_USERNAME="your-email@example.com"
ECOFLOW_PASSWORD="your-password"

# Developer API Credentials (From Developer Portal)
ECOFLOW_ACCESS_KEY="AK_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
ECOFLOW_SECRET_KEY="SK_yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy"
```

#### Troubleshooting Developer Access

**If you cannot log in after 24 hours:**
- Verify you're using the correct regional portal (EU vs US)
- Try the alternate region's portal
- Check spam/junk folders for approval emails
- Contact EcoFlow support: [https://support.ecoflow.com](https://support.ecoflow.com)

---

### 1. Clone & Prepare
```bash
git clone [https://github.com/your-repo/ecoflow-power-management.git](https://github.com/your-repo/ecoflow-power-management.git)
cd ecoflow-power-management
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Configuration
Copy `.env-example` to `.env` and configure:

```bash
# Cloud API Credentials (Standard Account)
ECOFLOW_USERNAME="your-email@example.com"
ECOFLOW_PASSWORD="your-password"

# Developer API Credentials (From Developer Portal)
ECOFLOW_ACCESS_KEY="AK_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
ECOFLOW_SECRET_KEY="SK_yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy"

# Device Serial Numbers
ECOFLOW_DEVICE_LIST="R631ZEB4WH123456,R631ZEB4WH789012"

# Local MQTT Broker
MQTT_HOST="localhost"

# Policy Rules
POLICY_SOC_MIN=10            # Shutdown if Battery <= 10%
POLICY_DEBOUNCE_SEC=180      # Condition must persist for 3 minutes
POLICY_COOLDOWN_SEC=300      # Wait 5 mins before re-sending commands

# Mapping: Which Battery kills which PC Agent?
DEVICE_TO_AGENTS_JSON='{"Study": ["study-pc-agent"], "Meterkast": ["home-server-agent"]}'
```

### 3. Run
```bash
python3 main.py
```

---

## 💻 Client Agents (The Consumers)

This system follows a **"Smart Source, Dumb Sink"** architecture. The server logic decides *when* to shut down; the clients simply listen for the order.

All agent scripts are organized by platform in the `agents/` directory:

### 📁 Agent Directory Structure
```
agents/
├── linux/          # Python-based agent for Linux systems
├── windows/        # PowerShell-based agent for Windows
└── macos/          # Bash-based agent for macOS
```

### Platform-Specific Agents

#### 🐧 Linux Agent
- **Location:** [`agents/linux/`](agents/linux/)
- **Script:** `shutdown-listener.py`
- **Requirements:** Python 3.7+, `paho-mqtt`
- **Setup:** See [Linux Agent README](agents/linux/README.md)
- **Logic:** Listens to `power-manager/<AGENT_ID>/cmd`, executes `sudo shutdown`

#### 🪟 Windows Agent
- **Location:** [`agents/windows/`](agents/windows/)
- **Script:** `shutdown-listener.ps1`
- **Requirements:** PowerShell 5.1+, [Mosquitto for Windows](https://mosquitto.org/download/)
- **Setup:** See [Windows Agent README](agents/windows/README.md)
- **Logic:** Native PowerShell script, no Python required, uses `mosquitto_sub.exe`

#### 🍎 macOS Agent
- **Location:** [`agents/macos/`](agents/macos/)
- **Script:** `shutdown-listener.sh`
- **Requirements:** Mosquitto client (`brew install mosquitto`)
- **Setup:** See [macOS Agent README](agents/macos/README.md)
- **Logic:** Bash script with MQTT listener, executes `sudo shutdown`

### Quick Start

Each platform directory contains:
- ✅ Ready-to-use agent script
- 📖 Detailed README with installation instructions
- ⚙️ Service/daemon configuration examples
- 🔧 Environment variable configuration

**Next Steps:** Navigate to your platform's directory and follow the README for installation and setup instructions.

---

## 🧠 Logic & Behavior

### Grid Detection (River 3 Plus)
The system uses a strict parsing logic for the River 3 Plus to avoid false positives common with heuristic methods.
* **Connected:** Protobuf Tag 27 is `0` or `1`.
* **Disconnected:** Protobuf Tag 27 is `> 1` (often `142`, `91`, or `112`).
* *Note:* Input Watts are ignored for grid status determination to prevent "Ghost Voltage" issues.

### The Policy Lifecycle
1.  **Detection:** System detects `grid_connected: false` AND `soc <= POLICY_SOC_MIN`.
2.  **Debounce:** A timer starts (default 3 mins).
    * If grid returns or SOC rises during this time, the timer **aborts**.
3.  **Trigger:** If the timer expires, a JSON `shutdown` command is published.
4.  **Recovery (Abort):** If power returns shortly after a trigger (within ~2 mins), an `abort` command is sent to cancel any pending OS shutdown operations.

---

## 🧪 Testing & Simulation

Test your policy logic without draining your actual physical batteries. We provide a simulation tool that injects fake MQTT messages.

1.  Add `"SimulatedDevice"` to your `.env` mapping:
    ```bash
    DEVICE_TO_AGENTS_JSON='{..., "SimulatedDevice": ["test-agent"]}'
    ```
2.  Run the simulation:
    ```bash
    python3 scripts/simulate_critical_event.py
    ```
3.  Watch `policy_engine` logs for "TIMER START", "SHUTDOWN TRIGGERED", and "ABORT".

---

## 🗺 Roadmap

**Phase 1: Foundation (Complete)**
* ✅ SoC decoding and normalization
* ✅ Multi-battery handling
* ✅ Read-only EcoFlow Cloud integration

**Phase 2: Logic & Control (Current)**
* ✅ Policy Engine (Debounce, Cooldown, Abort logic)
* ✅ Strict Grid Detection for River 3 Plus
* ✅ Simulation & Testing Tools

**Phase 3: Robustness (Future)**
* [ ] Startup coordination (Wake-on-LAN when power returns?)
* [ ] Capacity-weighted SoC (for multi-device setups)
* [ ] Notifications (Pushover/Telegram integration)

---

## ⛔ Non-Goals
* **No remote execution:** We do not SSH into boxes. They must subscribe to us.
* **No Windows binaries:** We do not ship `.exe` agents. Native scripts are safer and more auditable.
* **No vendor SDK dependency:** We decode the raw protobuf directly.

Commit message:

feat: v0.1.0-alpha - initial public release - Add version tracking and display (v0.1.0-alpha) - Add configuration validation with helpful error messages - Add comprehensive test suite (15 tests passing) - Add CHANGELOG.md and AI collaboration disclosure - Fix env_loader import order - Update README with badges and alpha warning

README.md, after:

# EcoFlow Power Management Orchestrator

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.1.0--alpha-orange)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10%2B-blue)

> **⚠️ Alpha Release:** This is an early release for testing and feedback. Please test thoroughly before using in production.

**A lightweight, MQTT-based power-aware shutdown system for heterogeneous environments (Linux, Windows, NAS).**

This system acts as a bridge between the proprietary EcoFlow MQTT cloud and your local infrastructure. It consumes device telemetry, derives a normalized battery State-of-Charge (SoC), and—when configurable thresholds are reached—initiates clean, host-local shutdown procedures across machines powered by those devices.

The system is intentionally:
* **Simple:** One Python file per service. No hidden frameworks.
* **Vendor-agnostic:** All coordination happens over standard MQTT.
* **Fail-safe:** No direct SSH, WinRM, or remote execution is required.
* **Host-local execution:** Each machine listens for a command and decides how to shut itself down.

---

## 🏗 System Architecture

The system runs as a collection of decoupled microservices, managed by a central **Orchestrator** (`main.py`).



```mermaid
graph TD
    Cloud[EcoFlow Cloud] -->|MQTT/Protobuf| Bridge[Ecoflow Cloud Bridge]
    Bridge -->|Raw Data| LocalMQTT[Local Mosquitto]
    LocalMQTT -->|Raw Data| SOC[SOC Bridge]
    SOC -->|Decoded JSON| LocalMQTT
    LocalMQTT -->|Normalized State| Policy[Policy Engine]
    Policy -->|Shutdown/Abort Cmds| Agents[PC/Server Agents]
```

### Active Services
1.  **`ecoflow_cloud_bridge`**: Connects to the EcoFlow AWS/Aliyun MQTT broker using your credentials.
2.  **`soc_bridge`**: Decodes complex Protobuf streams into normalized JSON.
    * *Feature:* **River 3 Plus** Strict Grid Detection (Tag 27) to avoid false positives.
    * *Feature:* "Imposter" packet filtering to ensure data integrity.
3.  **`policy_engine`**: The decision maker. Watches for "Critical Conditions" (Grid Lost + Low Battery) and enforces safety timers before broadcasting shutdown commands.

---

## 🚀 Installation & Setup

### Prerequisites
* Python 3.10+
* A local MQTT Broker (e.g., Mosquitto) running and accessible.
* **Both** EcoFlow Cloud API credentials AND Developer API credentials (see below)

### Understanding EcoFlow API Credentials

This system requires **TWO sets of credentials** to maintain a reliable, continuous MQTT connection to EcoFlow's cloud infrastructure:

#### 1. Cloud API Credentials (Username & Password)
- **What:** Your standard EcoFlow account email and password
- **Purpose:** Used to authenticate and obtain temporary MQTT broker certificates
- **API Endpoint:** `https://api.ecoflow.com/auth/login` → `/iot-auth/app/certification`
- **Limitation:** These credentials alone are **not sufficient** for reliable operation

#### 2. Developer API Credentials (Access Key & Secret Key)
- **What:** API keys from the EcoFlow Developer Portal
- **Purpose:** Required to send periodic "wakeup" packets (heartbeats) to keep the MQTT connection alive and streaming data
- **API Endpoint:** `https://api-e.ecoflow.com/iot-open/sign/certification`
- **Critical:** Without these, the MQTT broker connection will go silent after a few minutes or not wakeup at all. 

#### Why Both Are Needed

The EcoFlow MQTT broker requires **active heartbeat packets** to continue streaming device telemetry. Without periodic wakeup commands:
- The connection appears established but **stops sending data**
- No error messages are generated—the stream simply goes silent
- The system cannot detect battery state changes or trigger shutdown policies

The Developer API credentials enable the `ecoflow_cloud_bridge` service to:
1. Authenticate using the signed API request format
2. Send protobuf-encoded "Cmd 0" (quota/get-all) packets every 5 minutes
3. Keep the data stream flowing continuously

**In summary:** Cloud credentials get you connected; Developer credentials keep you connected.

---

### How to Obtain Developer API Access

#### Step 1: Register for Developer Access

1. Visit the **EcoFlow Developer Portal**:
   - **EU Region:** [https://developer-eu.ecoflow.com](https://developer-eu.ecoflow.com)
   - **US Region:** [https://developer-us.ecoflow.com](https://developer-us.ecoflow.com)
   
2. Click **"Sign Up"** or **"Apply for Access"**

3. Fill out the application form with:
   - Your EcoFlow account email (same as your app login)
   - Company/Organization name (can be personal/individual)
   - Use case description (e.g., "Home automation and power monitoring")

4. Submit the application

#### Step 2: Access May Be Instant (No Waiting Required)

**Important Update (2026):** The approval process appears to be **automated** now:

- You may **not receive** a confirmation email
- You may **not receive** an "approved" notification
- **Try logging in 24 hours after applying** using your EcoFlow account credentials

Many users (including the project maintainer) have reported:
- No communication from EcoFlow after applying
- Ability to log in and create API keys immediately or after 24 hours
- No manual approval step required

#### Step 3: Generate Your API Keys

1. **Sign in** to the Developer Portal using your **EcoFlow account credentials** (same email/password as the mobile app)

2. Navigate to **"Access Key Management"** or **"API Keys"**

3. Click **"Create Access Key"** or **"Generate New Key"**

4. **Save both values immediately:**
   ```
   Access Key:  AK_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
   Secret Key:  SK_yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
   ```

5. ⚠️ **Warning:** The Secret Key is only shown **once**. Store it securely (password manager, `.env` file, etc.)

#### Step 4: Configure Your `.env` File

Add both sets of credentials to your `.env` file:

```bash
# Cloud API Credentials (Standard Account you use to sign into the Mobile App)
ECOFLOW_USERNAME="your-email@example.com"
ECOFLOW_PASSWORD="your-password"

# Developer API Credentials (From Developer Portal)
ECOFLOW_ACCESS_KEY="AK_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
ECOFLOW_SECRET_KEY="SK_yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy"
```

#### Troubleshooting Developer Access

**If you cannot log in after 24 hours:**
- Verify you're using the correct regional portal (EU vs US)
- Try the alternate region's portal
- Check spam/junk folders for approval emails
- Contact EcoFlow support: [https://support.ecoflow.com](https://support.ecoflow.com)

---

### 1. Clone & Prepare
```bash
git clone https://github.com/JoshuaDodds/ecoflow-power-management.git
cd ecoflow-power-management
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Configuration
Copy `.env-example` to `.env` and configure:

```bash
# Cloud API Credentials (Standard Account)
ECOFLOW_USERNAME="your-email@example.com"
ECOFLOW_PASSWORD="your-password"

# Developer API Credentials (From Developer Portal)
ECOFLOW_ACCESS_KEY="AK_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
ECOFLOW_SECRET_KEY="SK_yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy"

# Device Serial Numbers
ECOFLOW_DEVICE_LIST="R631ZEB4WH123456,R631ZEB4WH789012"

# Local MQTT Broker
MQTT_HOST="localhost"

# Policy Rules
POLICY_SOC_MIN=10            # Shutdown if Battery <= 10%
POLICY_DEBOUNCE_SEC=180      # Condition must persist for 3 minutes
POLICY_COOLDOWN_SEC=300      # Wait 5 mins before re-sending commands

# Mapping: Which Battery kills which PC Agent?
DEVICE_TO_AGENTS_JSON='{"Study": ["study-pc-agent"], "Meterkast": ["home-server-agent"]}'
```

### 3. Run
```bash
python3 main.py
```

---

## 💻 Client Agents (The Consumers)

This system follows a **"Smart Source, Dumb Sink"** architecture. The server logic decides *when* to shut down; the clients simply listen for the order.

All agent scripts are organized by platform in the `agents/` directory:

### 📁 Agent Directory Structure
```
agents/
├── linux/          # Python-based agent for Linux systems
├── windows/        # PowerShell-based agent for Windows
└── macos/          # Bash-based agent for macOS
```

### Platform-Specific Agents

#### 🐧 Linux Agent
- **Location:** [`agents/linux/`](agents/linux/)
- **Script:** `shutdown-listener.py`
- **Requirements:** Python 3.7+, `paho-mqtt`
- **Setup:** See [Linux Agent README](agents/linux/README.md)
- **Logic:** Listens to `power-manager/<AGENT_ID>/cmd`, executes `sudo shutdown`

#### 🪟 Windows Agent
- **Location:** [`agents/windows/`](agents/windows/)
- **Script:** `shutdown-listener.ps1`
- **Requirements:** PowerShell 5.1+, [Mosquitto for Windows](https://mosquitto.org/download/)
- **Setup:** See [Windows Agent README](agents/windows/README.md)
- **Logic:** Native PowerShell script, no Python required, uses `mosquitto_sub.exe`

#### 🍎 macOS Agent
- **Location:** [`agents/macos/`](agents/macos/)
- **Script:** `shutdown-listener.sh`
- **Requirements:** Mosquitto client (`brew install mosquitto`)
- **Setup:** See [macOS Agent README](agents/macos/README.md)
- **Logic:** Bash script with MQTT listener, executes `sudo shutdown`

### Quick Start

Each platform directory contains:
- ✅ Ready-to-use agent script
- 📖 Detailed README with installation instructions
- ⚙️ Service/daemon configuration examples
- 🔧 Environment variable configuration

**Next Steps:** Navigate to your platform's directory and follow the README for installation and setup instructions.

---

## 🧠 Logic & Behavior

### Grid Detection (River 3 Plus)
The system uses a strict parsing logic for the River 3 Plus to avoid false positives common with heuristic methods.
* **Connected:** Protobuf Tag 27 is `0` or `1`.
* **Disconnected:** Protobuf Tag 27 is `> 1` (often `142`, `91`, or `112`).
* *Note:* Input Watts are ignored for grid status determination to prevent "Ghost Voltage" issues.

### The Policy Lifecycle
1.  **Detection:** System detects `grid_connected: false` AND `soc <= POLICY_SOC_MIN`.
2.  **Debounce:** A timer starts (default 3 mins).
    * If grid returns or SOC rises during this time, the timer **aborts**.
3.  **Trigger:** If the timer expires, a JSON `shutdown` command is published.
4.  **Recovery (Abort):** If power returns shortly after a trigger (within ~2 mins), an `abort` command is sent to cancel any pending OS shutdown operations.

---

## 🧪 Testing & Simulation

Test your policy logic without draining your actual physical batteries. We provide a simulation tool that injects fake MQTT messages.

1.  Add `"SimulatedDevice"` to your `.env` mapping:
    ```bash
    DEVICE_TO_AGENTS_JSON='{..., "SimulatedDevice": ["test-agent"]}'
    ```
2.  Run the simulation:
    ```bash
    python3 scripts/simulate_critical_event.py
    ```
3.  Watch `policy_engine` logs for "TIMER START", "SHUTDOWN TRIGGERED", and "ABORT".

---

## 🗺 Roadmap

**Phase 1: Foundation (Complete)**
* ✅ SoC decoding and normalization
* ✅ Multi-battery handling
* ✅ Read-only EcoFlow Cloud integration

**Phase 2: Logic & Control (Current)**
* ✅ Policy Engine (Debounce, Cooldown, Abort logic)
* ✅ Strict Grid Detection for River 3 Plus
* ✅ Simulation & Testing Tools

**Phase 3: Robustness (Future)**
* [ ] Startup coordination (Wake-on-LAN when power returns?)
* [ ] Capacity-weighted SoC (for multi-device setups)
* [ ] Notifications (Pushover/Telegram integration)

---

## ⛔ Non-Goals
* **No remote execution:** We do not SSH into boxes. They must subscribe to us.
* **No Windows binaries:** We do not ship `.exe` agents. Native scripts are safer and more auditable.
* **No vendor SDK dependency:** We decode the raw protobuf directly.

---

## 🤖 AI Collaboration Disclosure

This project was developed in collaboration with AI assistants (Google Gemini 3.0 Pro and Anthropic Claude Sonnet 4.5) to accelerate development, improve code quality, and enhance documentation. All code has been reviewed, tested, and validated by the project maintainer.

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Copyright (c) 2026 Joshua Dodds
